
The flight company Uzbekistan Airways was well equipped and served traditionally inspired food. They had an awesome and inspiring safety video. The video featured a lot of Uzbekistan historical facts for the video. 

After landing, the first unfamiliar thing I recognized was the prohibition signs. It was prohibited to record videos or make photos. Although it can appear as quiet normal in other countries, from a western perspective, it gave me the impression that it the prohibition was very politically motivated. Right after I exited the airport, I walked down the stairway in the direction of the great ramp. I could see from a far that hundreds of people, mostly families, taxi drivers and some vendors stood there with waving hands desperately trying to pick up passengers form the flights. I really tried use my eyes to find among the waving hands a sign with the text "Excursion 2023". It should be our well organized excursion group. I was able to find it and walked over to the person holding it. From there on, we waited for the other attendees to arrive. And this just took another two hours... 

One of the first things I wanted was something to eat or something to drink. This wish gradually faded away, because the whole accommodation seemed to be very far away from being well organized. Some members of our group were not able to check in our hostel, because they argued that the rooms were fully booked. It took another two hours until they solved the problem and some of our members slept over in another hostel next by. The next morning was exciting. I really wanted to see Uzbekistan's nature so that the first thing I did was to step into the little courtyard of the hostel. There was a fruit tree which most likely was some sort of peach tree or so. Another thing that I found strange was that some furniture with ornamental fabrics stood outside right under the bare sky. Somehow the Uzbeks were so sure that it wouldn't rain in their desert alike climate that they put cloths, carpets and furniture outside without any worries. After brushing my teeth while inspecting the condition of the bathroom, I was sure that the hygiene of our upcoming hostels will be on a zero level. With all these impressions, it was a good and adventurous day to start. 

